Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You just killed a made man
in the Gambino Family.
They're gonna come after us
with everything they've got!
I can make this go away.
We disappear the body.
What the fuck is that?
That is Zaccaro's hand.
and he's about to go
on a one-man crime spree.
Everybody get on the floor!
You're getting fuckin' robbed!
Vincent Zaccaro's
fingerprints were
found at that jewelry store. congratulations.
Dumb luck. really.
Overheard a bunch
of Irish drunks.
Guy hasn't robbed
a fuckin' jewelry store
since he's 20 years old.
Now all a sudden
he's doing fuckin'
smash and grabs? Fuck that.
It's those Irish bastards.
I know it.
All right.
what's your next move there.
-Bobby Fischer?
-Take Zaccaro out of town.
Near Boston. make it seem
like he's fleeing to Canada.
I got a friend
up there runs a place.
-Corktown Pub.
-You mean rob his own bar?
Fuckin' beat up his own mother
if I told him to.
Oh. fuck. We got a cop.
You mind if I take a look?
Fuck!
You just killed a fuckin' cop!
Should've known
this thing would go tits up.
Look. we wiped down Pat's gun.
put Zaccaro's prints
all over it. We even threw
his fucking driver's license
-on the ground.
-Let me tell you something
an old man knows that you don't.
The truth always comes out.
Let me be real clear.
If anything has
happened to Vincent.
there will be
fuckin' hell to pay.
John. I don't respond well
to threats.
That ain't a threat.
that's a fucking promise.
I agreed to hold the crate
for Ireland. not for you.
Does he believe in something
beyond himself?
-He does.
-What?
Me.
I'm just looking
for Vincent Zaccaro.
Ain't seen him for a few days.
Oh. wow. that's beautiful.
Oh. this? It was a gift.
-From who?
-I really don't like
to divulge personal information.
Which one of you is Flanagan?
That's me. Who the fuck are you?
Get the fuck off me!
I had this machine
imported from Italy.
They don't make 'em
like that anymore.
Here.
I'm more of a whiskey guy.
Course you are.
This is a fuckin' party
for you. right?
I'm always up
for a good time. John.
Phil. a bottle of whiskey.
Yeah. go fetch. Phil.
For our man here.
Good boy.
Piece of shit.
Stings. don't it?
Another round!
You fuckin' clown.
-Where's Zaccaro?
-Look. fellas.
I told ya. I never heard of her.
They told me you was up in
Bellevue to avoid a murder rap
and that you convinced 'em
you were crazy.
You don't try that shit with me
or I'll cut your
little Irish prick off.
Oh. no. sir.
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
What happened
to Vincent Zaccaro?
Ask your mother.
you fuck in wop cunt!
Motherfucker!
Fuckin' Irish piece of shit.
He's a tough kid though.
I'll give him that.
When he wakes up. start again.
-♪ It didn't take long ♪
-♪ I didn't get far ♪
♪ Before the cops were told ♪
-♪ That I'd stolen the car ♪
-♪ Stolen the car ♪
-♪ There was an APB ♪
-♪ APB ♪
-♪ Sent out for me ♪
-♪ Out for me ♪
♪ Ratted out by my own ♪
♪ Now I'm a public enemy ♪
♪ I'm a Catholic school kid ♪
-♪ I'm an altar boy ♪
-♪ Altar boy ♪
♪ I was dropped on my head ♪
-♪ Now I'm here to destroy ♪
-♪ Here to destroy ♪
-♪ I'm a stone-cold killer ♪
-♪ Stone-cold killer ♪
-♪ In the CYO ♪
-♪ CYO ♪
♪ I'm lining them up ♪
♪ And I'm laying them low ♪
♪ But honest as the day
is long that's a fact ♪
♪ I'm not nearly half
as bad as I act ♪
♪ See. I'm always wrong
in the eyes of the law ♪
♪ Parents and priests say
it's the final straw ♪
♪ But sure as the sun.
it rises and sets ♪
♪ I'll do it again.
it's a surefire bet ♪
Right. people.
Step back. please.
I think Declan's going be okay.
You need to tell me exactly
what you said to John Gotti.
Just that Mickey gave me
the bracelet. that's all.
And what did Gotti say?
That he was gonna have
a talk with Mickey.
-That's all I know.
-Fuck.
I'm scared. Is Mickey gonna die?
You know he could be
gone already. right?
Don't fuckin' say that.
If he hadn't given Erin Malone
that fuckin' bracelet.
Gotti would've
never picked him up.
It wasn't Mickey's fault.
all right?
I was the fuckin' one
who killed Zaccaro. not him.
Yeah. but you did it
to save Mickey.
Yeah. but all of
that work for nothin'.
Just putting Zaccaro's prints
every-fucking-where.
-It was a wasted effort.
-No. it fucking wasn't.
Hey. Ray's buying you a round.
-Thanks. Danny.
-Thanks. Ray.
Well. at least one good thing
came out of it.
-I killed a cop.
-Watch your fucking mouth.
You're lucky it didn't
bring the Feds down on us
with that shit.
Look. I'm not
giving up on Mickey
and neither should you.
We can get him back.
Okay. How?
Gotti has Mickey. I know it.
No doubt that fucking prick's
trying to find out
what happened to Zaccaro.
Fuck! Gotti's gonna put
his head in a vice.
and Mickey is
gonna fuckin' talk.
No. no. No. he won't.
Jimmy. I know he's your friend.
but the kid is fuckin' crazy.
The Viet Cong had him
for a year.
never said a goddamn word.
Huh. Gotti's worse
than the Cong.
Where's Vincent Zaccaro?
Honest Abe.
I don't know the man.
Jesus fucking Christ. Go ahead!
Zaccaro?
Hey. John.
You got your man here
hitting for ya.
What. does he fuck
your wife for you too?
This kid's got
all the fuckin' jokes.
Give me that fuckin' thing.
Like baseball? Baseball fan?
What's your favorite team?
The Mets.
Little Irish cocksucker says
he likes the Mets.
I knew he was a fucking loser.
I'm a Yankee man.
The Yankees can suck my dick.
Fuck!
Look. one thing I know
about Mickey. he's loyal.
All right? He'd never betray us.
Bullshit. He will crack.
Once Gotti gets fuckin' proof
that we whacked Zaccaro.
he's gonna come
right after us.
You know that. yeah?
Stop. There is no fucking "we."
"We" didn't fuckin' whack
anybody this time.
Young Jimmy here did the deed.
All the more reason to send
this fuckin' clown
over to Gotti then.
and that'll be the end of it.
That will be right fuckin'
over right then and there.
Yeah. you do that.
and Gotti will use that
to squeeze you
out of the Javits deal
with Castellano
first fuckin' chance he gets.
And once he's done that.
what's to stop him
just coming back and taking out
each and every fuckin'
one of youse?
Huh? Fuck all!
He makes a good point. Eddie.
All right. bright boy.
Bright fuckin' boy.
What's your brilliant
fuckin' idea now. then?
Mr. Sweeney goes
to Castellano himself.
demands he releases Mickey.
You tell him
you got the wrong guy.
Are you kidding me?
Why the fuck would
Castellano want to do that?
he want to try to help
some fuckin' Mick
that he doesn't know.
that he doesn't
give a flying fuck about?
Will you fuckin'
tell me that now?
Because Mr. Sweeney
will make sure
he gives a flyin' fuck.
That if he allows Gotti
to kill that fuckin' Mick.
then the Javits deal is done.
And I'm betting
he doesn't wanna fuck that up
any more than we do.
I mean. you tell me. Eamon.
you know Big Paul.
What does he care more about.
some... some dumb Mick
or the Javits Center?
Well. you got
a lot of confidence
in my powers of persuasion.
You gotta admit. Eddie.
the kid's using his head.
You could learn a thing or two.
State Trooper Ward
was found on US-20
with a bullet in his head.
And Vincent Zaccaro's
driver's license
on the ground next to him.
-Next to the body?
-Yeah. there's more.
Zaccaro's prints were found
on a discarded weapon
at the scene
and all over a robbery at
an Irish bar in South Boston.
Weird. right?
Any idea where he is now?
What's wrong?
I know you're a good cop.
or you were once.
This thing doesn't stink to you?
Yeah. it stinks.
That's a dead cop.
I hope you find
this piece of shit Zaccaro.
Yeah. somehow
I don't think we will.
-Why? Whattaya mean?
-Why would John Gotti's
right-hand man go up to Boston.
rob a five-and-dime bar.
shoot a cop. then conveniently
leave this driver's license
on the ground?
I don't know.
It doesn't make any sense.
Maybe he was an oiler
or a coke head or something.
-He went on a spree.
-Get real.
Something stinks.
and I have a feeling you're
not telling me everything.
Okay. hold on a second.
I'm the one that told you.
Zaccaro robbed a jewelry store.
Which you overheard from
a bunch of drunks at a bar.
Who are they?
How'd they know that?
Bring 'em in for questioning.
I don't even know 'em.
I barely remember
-what they look like.
-Do your fucking job.
Officer Keenan.
Bring us something we can use.
Brendan Cahill.
I know of the name.
Ah. bright lad. they'd say.
But he's the kind that'd...
kick a door down before
checking who's behind it.
Well. he wants to light a fire.
here in New York.
and he said I was needed.
So I helped him.
Do you have any idea
what he is planning?
I haven't a clue.
You know...
I've smuggled out
over two dozen people
from Ireland
over the last 15 years.
Real targets.
People the Brits would have
disappeared if they could.
You were one of them.
I owe you my life.
So...
I guess I should buy you a pint.
Ray. can I have one more?
You got it.
How's Jimmy?
Getting into trouble. mostly.
Still breathing.
Well. always had a talent
for getting into trouble.
Used to steal
the candles after Mass
and sell them out
the back of the bodega
to pay for his mum's
prescriptions.
You're kidding me.
Yeah.
Cheers.
That's when I knew
he wasn't bad.
He was bent like a nail
that's been hammered
too many times.
But even a bent nail
holds things up. right?
Yeah. yeah. He holds me up.
I introduced him to you
for a reason.
If it was to make
an honest woman out of me.
Father... you're a wee bit late.
Gotti called.
It checks out. He has your man.
Paul. I need him back.
Gotti took this man
for no good reason.
John tells a different story.
He's convinced
that your guy. um...
Mickey Flanagan.
That he may have something to do
with Vincent Zaccaro's
disappearance.
All due respect. Paul.
that's a load of horseshit
from Gotti.
This Zaccaro is on the lam.
cops are looking for him.
Check with your boys in blue.
I know you got plenty
on the payroll.
Our work is never done.
right. Eamon?
Absolutely.
Every fucking day
it's something.
You know what I like about you?
You understand how things work.
Zaccaro's made.
If this Flanagan did
something to him.
my hands would be tied.
Of course.
But Flanagan didn't do anything.
Besides which.
who's making more money
for you right now.
me or John Gotti?
You and I are businessmen. hmm?
But. let's face it.
we have a bunch of savages
working for us.
Yeah. we do.
We gotta keep 'em in line.
One way to do that is
to make them think
they're making
their own decisions.
Paul. the Feds are paying
a lot of attention
to what happens
on the West Side right now.
Any unnecessary violence...
could be bad
for our bottom line.
I'm gonna give you
a few of these to take home.
They're addictive.
-Thank you.
-Mmm.
Madone. Ha!
Once you taste 'em.
you're hooked.
Just like my guys are
hooked on easy cash. hmm?
The kind that narcotics bring.
Maybe you can do
a little favor for me.
And in return. I'll. um.
pull some strings
with Mr. Gotti.
What do you have in mind?
The Starship?
What the fuck does
Paul Castellano care
about some fuckin' disco
in Jackson Heights?
It's not about the nightclub.
it's about
what's going on inside.
What. dancing?
-Cocaine. you fuckin idiot.
-It's a fuckin' joke. Breen.
The club is a front
for a Colombian
distribution network.
Apparently some
of Castellano's captains
are going against his wishes.
trafficking in narcotics.
Why doesn't he just ask
Gotti to stop?
He already did.
Sometimes his men don't listen.
Hard to believe. I know.
So what does he want us to do?
Make it go away.
Kill the Colombians.
Jesus Mother Mary.
-Fuck's sakes.
-I'd rather go to Studio 54.
How many?
I don't know. All of 'em.
Big Paul wants
to send a message.
He says the dope operation's
in the basement.
That sounds
pretty fuckin' dangerous.
So if we do this.
Gotti definitely gives
back Mickey. right?
Nothing definite
in this fuckin' world. Jimmy.
But... Big Paul
gave me his word.
I don't trust any fucking wop.
Look. it's up to you boys.
But if you want Mickey back...
I think this is your best bet.
Yeah.
All right.
We'll do it. For Mickey.
Yeah. for Mickey.
Wow. You look incredible.
You didn't have to buy
a new dress for this.
I borrowed it from Erin.
I mean. you wanted to get past
the bouncers. didn't you?
You want to leave
the apartment. don't you?
Do I look ridiculous?
You look like
the most beautiful lass
I have ever laid eyes on.
Well. beauty is transitory.
Soon I'm going to be
old and craggy.
What are you gonna do then?
I'd love you even more.
We should stop.
Can you zip me up?
Like you said.
we're doing this for Mickey.
Yeah. I know.
I just don't like
involving you in this shit.
Why? Is it gonna be dangerous?
No. No. I'm just gonna
scope this place out.
that's all.
Look. I appreciate
you helping us out. you know.
It's just something
I had to do to get.
-Mickey back.
-It's awful what happened.
I will do
whatever I can to help.
All right.
C'mon. we're gonna be late.
Wow. Look at you.
Now. act like
you got a little class.
Okay. ladies.
excuse us for a sec.
Be right back. Boys.
Hey. don't go talking to
no one. okay? Just the girls.
Yeah.
All right. so we're not here
to have a good time. Okay?
Until we figure out
exactly how many
of these Colombians
we're up against
and how we get
into this fuckin' basement.
And then what. Jimmy?
Just note exits.
bouncers. all that shit.
-We're casing the joint.
-Yeah. exactly.
-Yeah.
-Look. we do this.
Mickey's a day closer
to gettin' home.
Yeah.
Pat. Stay fuckin' sober.
Yeah. Pat. take it easy.
-You can have a couple.
-We can have beer. right?
Have a couple beers.
and that's it. Nothing brown.
♪ I need your body close ♪
♪ More and more ♪
♪ Deep inside.
that burning feeling grows ♪
Look. I can't dance. All right?
-I'm not good at this.
-Do you want me to teach you?
♪ Don't keep me hanging on ♪
♪ Ring me. honey. honey ♪
♪ Don't leave me all alone ♪
♪ And ask me for a night ♪
♪ And honey. honey. honey ♪
-Yo. I want one more.
-Gonna go check this guy out.
All right.
I have to go have a look around.
-Mm-hm.
-Have fun.
If that's possible.
VIP section. guy named Jose.
He's got snow for retail.
You just give him this.
and they'll let you in.
-All right. nice work.
-There you go.
-Look after the girls.
-All right.
Jose?
I was told to come and find you.
Vamos.
Evening. hermano.
Sit.
What do you want?
I'm lookin' for some weight.
Mmm.
Eight-ball?
Maybe a quarter
if you kiss me first.
I'm talkin' real weight.
A kilo. maybe two.
We don't sling warehouse
orders to strangers.
I'm not a stranger.
Oh. no?
I work for Vincent Zaccaro.
I never see you before.
I'm his new connect.
South Bronx.
Zaccaro told me to come here.
cop some weight.
Okay. Come with me.
Follow me.
This way.
You say Zaccaro sent you.
How come he didn't call
to tell us?
No clue. He said he would.
And who the fuck are you?
My name is Pete Hedges.
And. as I told
your associate here.
I'm Vincent's
new contact in the Bronx.
I'm looking for two keys.
Maybe more
if I like the quality.
Calling Zaccaro.
Until he tells me
you're his man.
I ain't doing shit.
Not around.
Guess you're out of luck.
Let's go.
Si. si.
Puta.
Papi's a little paranoid.
He's worried everyone's
out to get him.
You don't worry.
Zaccaro calls. you'll be in.
Yeah. But you can't be
too cautious. huh?
Look. I appreciate
the tour. hermano.
You guys got
a real operation here.
We don't fuck around.
-I hope to see you soon.
-Yeah.
You too.
Go have fun. Dance.
Have a good time.
Wow. Wow. that's so terrible.
Fuck you!
Fuckin' A.
Yeah?
Fuck you!
You a fucking tough guy?
-Huh? Piece of shit!
-Stop it! Hey! Jimmy!
-That way! That way!
-Exit! Now!
-Come on!
-Jimmy! Come on!
Fuckin' move! Go. go!
Every fucking time!
You'll get used to it.
What'd I fucking say. Pat?
You asshole!
You fuckin' animal. Go on.
What? What? I'm fine. relax...
-He fuckin' hit me.
-Go. go. go.
-I fuckin' am!
-Yeah.
-You all right? You all right?
-Yeah. I'm fine.
Why are you so mad all the time?
John. How are you?
Hi. Paul. How you doin'?
I'm good.
Let's go in here.
Sit down.
I'm good standing. thanks.
Thank you. Gloria.
So. you're hot
about this Irish kid.
-He still alive?
-Yeah. he is.
But why the fuck are
you tyin' my hands on this?
For what?
For bigger things
than Vinnie Zaccaro.
who. let's face it.
is a scumbag.
Vinnie Zaccaro is
my right-hand man.
I'm told he's on the lam.
Well. that doesn't make
any fuckin' sense.
Vinnie wouldn't just disappear
without telling me.
His fuckin' wife
comes to see me.
she don't know where he is.
Those Irish bastards
are responsible for this.
Paul. I know it.
I need those Irish bastards.
Fuck them. You don't need them.
I can run the Javits.
John...
I would consider
letting you do that
even though it's their turf.
But you've been a naughty boy.
All due respect.
drugs are here to stay.
They're the future.
And if we don't sell 'em.
somebody else will.
I won't have it.
Drugs are dirty and dangerous.
And I'm not gonna jeopardize
everything I've built
-for a quick buck.
-I don't hear you complaining
when I kick up.
whether that shit is
from narcotics or not.
We stay above the gutter.
That's how we survive.
Yeah.
I'm from the gutter. Paul.
Hell. most of us are.
But you're the boss.
What do you got?
That's from the drywallers.
Said to thank you
for not setting fire
to their scaffolding
like you did last month.
Sounds to me like that must've
been spontaneous combustion.
caused by unpaid dues.
Hello? Yeah.
Yeah.
I got it. I got it.
Eamon.
Did you know
that Zaccaro killed a cop?
-What's this now?
-Hard to believe. isn't it?
I mean. I don't believe it.
Neither does
the fuckin' Gambino Squad.
Okay. I don't know what
the fuck you're talking about?
What I'm talking about
is what the fuck
have you gotten me into?
What are you using me for?
I'm not using you for anything.
Aw. come on. Eamon.
Cut the shit!
This is you and me talkin'.
A dead cop is
serious fuckin' business.
If I get locked up for this.
you're going with me.
All right. don't. just don't
be such a fuckin' drama queen.
Tell me exactly what they said.
They don't believe Zaccaro
robbed some fuckin' pub
up in Boston.
then murdered a cop on US-20.
and they're lookin'
to me for answers.
Fuck am I supposed to tell them?
Nothing. Glenn.
-There's nothing to tell.
-Okay.
I'm gonna say this again.
If they find out
I gave them false information.
that puts me an accessory.
Now. maybe you don't mind
going to jail. but I do.
Do you know who killed this cop?
Course not.
But what...
what kind of evidence
are they sayin' they got?
Nothing yet.
But I gotta find some.
I'll see ya.
Yeah.
Fuckin' hell.
What are you doing with those?
Aren't you supposed
to be at work?
Answer my question first.
Finishing what I started
to get Mickey back.
So... The Starship.
Yeah. but what exactly?
I'd rather not say. Bridget.
So what.
are you robbing the disco?
No. I'm not.
I have to send a message
to the Colombians who run it.
Do not sell cocaine
to John Gotti. All right?
So. these Colombians.
I assume. are heavily armed.
So. what kind of damage
do you think you're gonna do
-with those pea shooters?
-The boys are coming with me.
all right? I'll be fine.
You went down there. right?
So you saw them.
-Do they have you outnumbered?
-I can handle this. Bridget.
-Stop fuckin' worrying.
-I understand
Mickey is your mate.
Okay? You love him.
I love him too.
But this is fucking suicide!
Yeah. I know. All right?
I fuckin' know that!
But what other choice do I have?
Hm?
Maybe I can help.
I had the best night
of my life last night.
What the fuck happened?
Mr. Sweeney let me work
Madison Square Garden.
Oh. you lucky bastard.
Doing what?
Pick up used tickets from
the old ladies at the door
and hand 'em to scalpers
who resell 'em.
That's awesome.
Mm. best part?
I got to watch the Rangers
kick the Flyers' ass. 4-3.
Oh. you lucky bastard.
-Hey. Glenn.
-Ray.
-Usual?
-Yeah.
Excuse us.
I need to talk to my son.
Yeah. we're busy.
-Go on. make yourself scarce.
-No.
-Get the fuck outta here!
-Don't fucking touch me!
Fuckin' punk.
Now. I don't know why the fuck
you're not in school.
but let's set that aside.
I'm gonna ask you
a few questions.
-And you're gonna answer.
-Oh. is that right?
Yeah. it is.
A cop was murdered
the other day.
A State Trooper.
Shot in the head.
You hear anything about this?
No.
It was someone
from Sweeney's crew. right?
Why you asking me?
I don't know shit.
'Cause you run
with those fucking mutts.
You're Sweeney's messenger boy.
-They talk to you.
-Look. they don't
tell me shit.
and even if they did.
I wouldn't tell you.
If you ask me.
only good cop is a dead cop.
Who did it?
You're gonna fuckin' tell me.
I hope there's
something good in here.
Those Colombians got
Uzis and shit.
Yeah. Jimmy said there's. like.
-twice as many of 'em as us.
-We shouldn't be
doing this for the Italians
in the first place.
Hey. we're not
doing this for them.
We're doin' this
for Mickey. all right?
-Yeah. it's this one.
-Yeah.
Holy shit.
Oh. what the fuck is this?
It's a rocket-propelled
grenade. Very powerful.
How the fuck do you use it?
Bridget?
So. you load the warhead.
keep the tube
on your shoulder.
and you sight the target.
and you make sure that
there's nothing behind you.
well. unless
you want them burned alive.
And. uh. how many
warheads are there?
There's just one.
That's all you. Sean.
That's you. buddy.
Yeah. Fuck. yeah it is.
All right.
I don't know
who I am anymore. Father.
I've done
some questionable things.
Some terrible things.
And not just broken my oath
as a police officer.
I'm a...
failure as a father...
maybe as a man.
I'm ashamed.
I'm so ashamed.
You're here now.
Take your time.
There was a murder.
A murder of a cop
in Massachusetts. and I...
I know who did it.
A guy from the neighborhood.
my son told me.
Thing is. the killer is
the kind of man
my son admires.
Worse than that. the kind of man
my son could someday become.
That scares me to death.
That keeps me up at night.
God has a plan
and a purpose
for every soul on Earth.
It's your job to help your son
fulfill that purpose.
How? When there is
no justice to be found?
I mean. I'm a cop.
I'm out there every day.
I see it.
And there is no justice. Father.
There's heavenly justice.
And here on Earth.
a more imperfect version.
What does that mean?
The Bible teaches us
an eye for an eye.
And. of course. we have
our man-made laws as well.
Perhaps real justice...
lies somewhere
in between the two.
Now remember if it was
any of you in this position.
we would be doing everythin'
we could to get you back.
You think
one rocket's gonna do it
against the machine guns?
Yeah. this whole thing
is fucked. Jimmy.
Hey Pat. killing a cop is
easy for you.
but you're afraid
of a few Colombians?
I ain't afraid of nothin'.
That's what I wanna hear.
Now. that alleyway
behind the disco
we came into last night?
That's our way back in.
We go back through
that service door.
through the club quietly.
And down the basement stairs
on the left.
And down there. the place is
crawling with Colombians.
and. yes.
they are heavily armed.
So Connor. Pat.
you stick with me.
And Sean. you hang back
with the rocket
until we give the word.
and then when we do.
-move fucking fast.
-Jesus Christ. Jimmy.
you've been watching
too many war movies.
We're all gonna
get fuckin' killed.
And Mickey may already be dead.
'Kay. well. first off. Mickey's
one tough motherfucker.
we all know that.
And secondly.
these Italian assholes
have their fuckin' rules.
Gotti will not kill Mickey
without a pass from Castellano.
Which is why we are
doing this favor for him
in the first place.
So Castellano doesn't
give Gotti that pass.
So. remember that. and let's
get this fuckin' job done.
Ah. fuck it.
If we all gotta die to save
some mentally deranged
Vietnam vet
who's probably suicidal anyway.
then so be it.
'Cause that's
our fuckin' friend.
Slàinte.
Slàinte. boys.
All right. let's go.
All right. so.
stairs to the basement
are underneath the VIP area.
I'll lead us down there.
Sean. give us
60 seconds head start
to clear the hallway.
-then it's your show.
-Copy.
Ready?
Sh. sh. sh.
Hey. ah. My friend
wanted to apologize.
Sorry.
All right. Sean?
-Yeah.
-Post up there.
-All right. Jimmy.
-Cover me.
Get the fuck down!
-He's out!
-Sean?
Oh. God! God! Shit!
-You good?
-Yeah! Yeah! Yeah.
All right.
get the fuck out of here!
Fuck! Let's go. guys!
Drop it.
Fucking go!
Woo! Go!
♪ You're not alive
until you start kicking ♪
♪ When the room is spinning... ♪
Let's go. let's go. move!
♪ And the radio's
all about a runaway model ♪
-You idiots!
-Stop. Sean. stop!
Where the fuck were ya?
Took a souvenir.
Look at all that coke!
All right. Sean.
we gotta fucking go. bud!
Go. go!
Yeah? Paul.
What? Are you
fuckin' kidding me?
I haven't gotten one single
word from Zaccaro yet!
All right. relax. Yeah. yeah.
Okay. all right. all right.
all right. all right.
No need to get pissed off.
You got a horseshoe up your ass.
you leprechaun
Lucky Charms motherfucker.
Cut him loose.
At least your Jimmy had
a few moves.
Yeah. he's got
more than a few moves.
Excuse me. ladies.
I've been looking for you.
Quick word?
Good news. Our timeline
has been ramped up.
Soon I'll be taking
that weapon off your hands.
Oh. wow.
he actually wins one. Oh wow.
Fuck off.
Finally got a little
competition here. Eddie.
Good. only four more to go.
Uh-huh.
-Here we go.
-I saw your fucking missus
the other day. by the way.
Try that one?
What do you think of that?
Trump.
You know. that's good.
That's better.
That's best.
No! Fuck sakes!
Feast your eyes on the winner!
Jesus Christ. If I would've bet
on the sun goin' down.
I'd still fuckin' lose.
Most likely. yeah.
Happened hours ago.
Hey. now. Officer fuckin'
Wet Blanket. Wee-woo!
Need a word.
Well. I'm done
kickin' their ass. yeah.
I know who killed
that cop in Massachusetts.
-Do you now?
-It was fuckin' Pat Murphy.
What makes you say that?
You got loose lips in your crew.
let's leave it that.
And even though
I don't take kindly
to fuckin' cop killers.
I won't tell no one.
Yeah. I hope not. for your sake.
Yeah. well. the thing is.
if I can figure it out.
so can the Gambino squad.
So. you think Pat Murphy's
gonna shut his fuckin' mouth
he gets pinched?
Say you're right. hypothetically.
What are you proposing?
I'll make it go away.
For a price.
How much?
Nothin'.
I just want you
to leave my boy Danny alone.
Do not hire him.
do not talk to him.
If he talks to you.
tell him to fuck off.
-That's it?
-That's it.
In return.
I'll handle Pat Murphy.
Well. look who decided
to join us.
I didn't talk. Jimmy.
I didn't say a fuckin' word.
-I swear.
-Hey. hey.
I know you didn't.
Now. you just relax
and get better now.
Found you a great nurse.
Hey. Mickey.
I won't be leaving your side.
Fuck.
Just talked to Jimmy.
Mickey's gonna be fine.
Well. Mickey's never been fine.
It's too bad
Gotti didn't kidnap you. Pat.
None of us woulda
fuckin' bothered.
Fuck off.
All right. To Mickey!
-To Mickey.
-Slàinte. boys.
Slàinte.
Hey. Pat. you ever try smiling.
maybe show your teeth
a little bit.
just to let people
know you're human?
Yeah. well. you know what.
I'll let you ladies
have a laugh without me.
I'm finished.
Oh. come on. pal.
Where ya going?
There's a nice fat Dominican
bitch moved in my building.
She's a lot more fun
than you lot.
Well. maybe she can fuck
a smile into that face. Pat.
I feel sorry
for that fat Dominican bitch.
♪ As I roved out
to Dublin City ♪
♪ At the hour
of twelve at night ♪
♪ Who should I spy
but a fine young maiden ♪
♪ Washing her clothes
by broad daylight ♪
♪ Madam. I'm a darlin'
a die row dither-o ♪
a die row day ♪
What the fuck?
♪ Then she folded up her arms ♪
♪ Saying "Oh. what
a fine young girl am I" ♪
♪ Madam. I'm a darlin'
a die row dither-o ♪
a die row day ♪
♪ Madam. I will tie
your garter ♪
♪ I will tie it
above your knee ♪
♪ If you want.
I'll tie it up further ♪
♪ Madam. I'm a darlin'
a die row day ♪
a die row dither-o ♪
♪ Madam. I'm a darlin'
a die row day ♪
♪ First she washed
and then she squeezed 'em ♪
♪ Then she hung them
out to dry ♪
♪ Then she folded up her arms ♪
♪ Saying. "Oh. what
a fine young girl am I" ♪
♪ Madam. I'm a darlin'
a die row dither-o ♪
a die row day ♪
♪ Have you ever heard
of cups and saucers ♪
♪ Rattlin' around
in an auld tin can ♪
♪ Have you ever heard
of a fine young woman ♪
♪ Married to
an ugly grey old man ♪
♪ Madam. I'm a darlin'
a die row dither-o ♪
a die row day ♪
♪ She said. "Blue.
it is a lovely color" ♪
♪ Till it gets a second dip ♪
♪ That's the way
with the auld lads courting ♪
♪ You'll never know
if he'll take a fit ♪
♪ Madam. I'm a darlin'
a die row dither-o ♪
a die row day ♪
difuze
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org